what's up I'm sure I'm Jones and this is
the ship and John show tonight we're
going to partake in the warhead
challenge we did it once before we only
ate though so we're stepping over
tonight we gotta 18 each doesn't look
like much but this is a if you haven't
worn it the little it's going to be bad
I'm looking forward to last time almost
threw up so we were trash can just in
case this is kind of what we want to
start doing though is we're going to
have weekly or monthly challenges
depending on what we say oh so how's it
going to work first we're going to start
off with a mouth and we're going to work
I'm going to let that sink in for a
second and then every three to five
seconds after that we're going to pop
another one in until we just can't go
anymore until we either throw up or
choke and die or totally doesn't happen
one two
hmm oh my god okay um in height sign
that might have been a bad idea you
think so Oh Elmo I've started the water
was sweating a little bit I almost puked
pretty sure like a monkey few times
still feeling just like sick stuck to my
teeth let's get a little burst of shower
stuff good I think oh here mmm good
stuff request challenges you all will do
them your men cinnamon challenge next if
you squish it will do it goodbye this is
me digging nowhere heads at MIT I'm
doing some water guys I look like glue
slice them in flat
bricks yeah ah bad